Update options.md (#6325)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options.md

* [States Rebuilder][] project code
* [States Rebuilder Documentation][]

## Triple Pattern (Segmented State Pattern)

> Triple is a pattern for state management based on Streams or ValueNotifier.
> Working with triple value stream (Error, Loading and State). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triple is a pattern for state management that uses `Streams` or `ValueNotifier`.
This mechanism (nicknamed _triple_ because the stream always uses three
values: `Error`, `Loading`, and `State`), is based on the
[Segmented State Pattern][].

For more information, refer to the following resources:

* [Triple documentation][]
* [Flutter Triple package][]
* [Triple Pattern: A new pattern for state management in Flutter][]
  (blog post written in Portuguese but can be auto-translated)
* [VIDEO: Flutter Triple Pattern by Kevlin Ossada][] (recorded in English)
```

(I wish I could have edited the slides for that video.  :D )

[Binder package]: https://pub.dev/packages/binder
[Binder examples]: https://github.com/letsar/binder/tree/main/examples
[Binder snippets]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=romain-rastel.flutter-binder-snippets

> [Triple Documentation]: https://triple.flutterando.com.br/
> [Flutter Triple Library]: https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_triple
> [Triple Pattern: A new pattern for state management in Flutter]: https://blog.flutterando.com.br/triple-pattern-um-novo-padr%C3%A3o-para-ger%C3%AAncia-de-estado-no-flutter-2e693a0f4c3e
> [VIDEO: Flutter Triple Pattern by Kevlin Ossada]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXc3tR15AoA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Triple documentation]: https://triple.flutterando.com.br/
[Flutter Triple package]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/flutter_triple
[Triple Pattern: A new pattern for state management in Flutter]: https://blog.flutterando.com.br/triple-pattern-um-novo-padr%C3%A3o-para-ger%C3%AAncia-de-estado-no-flutter-2e693a0f4c3e
[VIDEO: Flutter Triple Pattern by Kevlin Ossada]: {{site.youtube-site}}/watch?v=dXc3tR15AoA
```
